client-dart/README.md, before:

# Spine Dart Client Library

Dart-based client for Spine applications. A facade for sending domain commands and querying entity
states.

The package provides the following:
 - Dart client library;
 - generated Protobuf Dart types:
   - standard types (`google.protobuf` and `google.protobuf.plugin`);
   - required Spine types (from `base`, `time`, `core`, `client`, `web`, and `firebase-web`).
   
The package does not include Protobuf sources or descriptor sets. Refer to respective Maven
artifacts for those.

## Usage

### Prerequisites

Users of this library are required to use the [Spine Protobuf Dart plugin](https://github.com/SpineEventEngine/base/tree/master/tools/proto-dart-plugin).

In order to compile Protobuf into Dart, one needs to:
 1. Activate the `protoc_plugin` Pub package: `pub activate global protoc_plugin`.
 2. Apply the Proto Dart plugin:
    ```gradle
    buildscript {
        classpath "io.spine.tools:spine-proto-dart-plugin:$spineVersion"
    }

    apply plugin: 'io.spine.tools.proto-dart-plugin'
    ```

The Protoc plugin generates `.pb.dart` files. Spine Proto Dart plugin configures the Protoc plugin.
By default, the `.pb.dart` files are generated under `lib` for the `main` scope and under `test`
for the `test` scope.

Also Spine Proto Dart plugin generates `types.dart` — a type registry file. The type registry serves
for reflection needs of the `spine_client` package.

### Example

The example beneath demonstrates how to perform a simple query and post a bunch of commands using
the client library.

```dart
// Import `spine_client` and helper libraries.
import 'package:spine_client/spine_client.dart';
import 'package:spine_client/web_firebase_client.dart';
import 'package:spine_client/time.dart';

// Import the Firebase client library.
import 'package:firebase/firebase.dart' as fb;

// Import your model types, generated from Protobuf.
import 'example/acme/task/commands.pb.dart';
import 'example/acme/task/view.pb.dart';

// Import the type registry which contains all your model types.
// Generated by Spine Proto Dart Gradle plugin.
import 'types.dart' as exampleTypes;

void main() {
    var actorId = UserId()
            ..value = '$myUserId';
    var requests = ActorRequestFactory(actorId);
    var firebase = RestClient(
            fb.Database.getInstance(myFirebaseDbJsObject()),
            'https://example-org-42.firebaseio.com'
    );
    var client = BackendClient('https://example.org',
                               firebase,
                               typeRegistries: [myTypes.types()]);
    // Fetch all `TaskView` projections and mark all tasks as done.
    client.fetch(requests.query().all(TaskView()))
          .forEach((taskView) {
              var markDone = MarkTaskDone()
                      ..id = taskView.id
                      ..who_completed = actorId;
              client.post(requests.command().create(markDone));
          });
}
```

Commit message:

Add a link to the package in Pub

client-dart/README.md, after:

# Spine Dart Client Library

Dart-based client for Spine applications. A facade for sending domain commands and querying entity
states.

Visit the [Pub package registry](https://pub.dev/packages/spine_client) for the latest version of
the package.

The package provides the following:
 - Dart client library;
 - generated Protobuf Dart types:
   - standard types (`google.protobuf` and `google.protobuf.plugin`);
   - required Spine types (from `base`, `time`, `core`, `client`, `web`, and `firebase-web`).
   
The package does not include Protobuf sources or descriptor sets. Refer to respective Maven
artifacts for those.

## Usage

### Prerequisites

Users of this library are required to use the [Spine Protobuf Dart plugin](https://github.com/SpineEventEngine/base/tree/master/tools/proto-dart-plugin).

In order to compile Protobuf into Dart, one needs to:
 1. Activate the `protoc_plugin` Pub package: `pub activate global protoc_plugin`.
 2. Apply the Proto Dart plugin:
    ```gradle
    buildscript {
        classpath "io.spine.tools:spine-proto-dart-plugin:$spineVersion"
    }

    apply plugin: 'io.spine.tools.proto-dart-plugin'
    ```

The Protoc plugin generates `.pb.dart` files. Spine Proto Dart plugin configures the Protoc plugin.
By default, the `.pb.dart` files are generated under `lib` for the `main` scope and under `test`
for the `test` scope.

Also Spine Proto Dart plugin generates `types.dart` — a type registry file. The type registry serves
for reflection needs of the `spine_client` package.

### Example

The example beneath demonstrates how to perform a simple query and post a bunch of commands using
the client library.

```dart
// Import `spine_client` and helper libraries.
import 'package:spine_client/spine_client.dart';
import 'package:spine_client/web_firebase_client.dart';
import 'package:spine_client/time.dart';

// Import the Firebase client library.
import 'package:firebase/firebase.dart' as fb;

// Import your model types, generated from Protobuf.
import 'example/acme/task/commands.pb.dart';
import 'example/acme/task/view.pb.dart';

// Import the type registry which contains all your model types.
// Generated by Spine Proto Dart Gradle plugin.
import 'types.dart' as exampleTypes;

void main() {
    var actorId = UserId()
            ..value = '$myUserId';
    var requests = ActorRequestFactory(actorId);
    var firebase = RestClient(
            fb.Database.getInstance(myFirebaseDbJsObject()),
            'https://example-org-42.firebaseio.com'
    );
    var client = BackendClient('https://example.org',
                               firebase,
                               typeRegistries: [myTypes.types()]);
    // Fetch all `TaskView` projections and mark all tasks as done.
    client.fetch(requests.query().all(TaskView()))
          .forEach((taskView) {
              var markDone = MarkTaskDone()
                      ..id = taskView.id
                      ..who_completed = actorId;
              client.post(requests.command().create(markDone));
          });
}
```
