client-js/README.md, before:

# Spine Web JS client library
This module is a JS library that communicates with Spine Web server. It’s a facade for sending 
domain commands, querying data and subscribing to entity states.  

The latest published version can be found on [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/package/spine-web).

The NPM artifact:
* Provides `spine-web` files along with used Protobuf definitions.
* Provides types from [google-protobuf](https://www.npmjs.com/package/google-protobuf) NPM package.
 These types should be used since they are additionally processed by Spine's Protobuf plugin for JS.
* Provides sources transpiled into ES5 along with theirs source maps.
* Does **not** provide a bundled version assuming that library users perform bundling themselves.

## Usage

To use the library install following modules:

```
npm i spine-web --save
npm i isomorphic-fetch --save
```

## Testing

You can run tests as follows:
```bash
npm run test
```

You can also run tests from Intellij IDEA. To do it:
* Install [NodeJs Plugin](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/6098-nodejs). The plugin adds `Mocha` configuration.
* Update `Mocha` configuration template:
  * Add `--require babel-register` to `node options`. It is required to support all ES6 features in Node.js environment.
  * Specify the path to `Mocha` package: `~\IdeaProjects\Spine\web\client-js\node_modules\mocha`.

## Publishing

To publish a new version to NPM:
1. Login to NPM and generate a new access token.
2. Set the generated token to your `NPM_TOKEN` environment variable.
3. Execute Gradle `publishJs` task from project root:
 ```bash
    ./gradlew publishJs
 ```

Commit message:

Have `rxjs` as a peer dependency to prevent version clashes

client-js/README.md, after:

# Spine Web JS client library
This module is a JS library that communicates with Spine Web server. It’s a facade for sending 
domain commands, querying data and subscribing to entity states.  

The latest published version can be found on [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/package/spine-web).

The NPM artifact:
* Provides `spine-web` files along with used Protobuf definitions.
* Provides types from [google-protobuf](https://www.npmjs.com/package/google-protobuf) NPM package.
 These types should be used since they are additionally processed by Spine's Protobuf plugin for JS.
* Provides sources transpiled into ES5 along with theirs source maps.
* Does **not** provide a bundled version assuming that library users perform bundling themselves.

## Usage

To use the library execute the command:

```
npm i spine-web --save
```

Also, the library has [peer dependencies](https://docs.npmjs.com/files/package.json#peerdependencies),
which you need to install:

```
npm i rxjs --save
```

For the full list of peer dependencies see [package.json](./package.json).

## Testing

You can run tests as follows:
```bash
npm run test
```

You can also run tests from Intellij IDEA. To do it:
* Install [NodeJs Plugin](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/6098-nodejs). The plugin adds `Mocha` configuration.
* Update `Mocha` configuration template:
  * Add `--require babel-register` to `node options`. It is required to support all ES6 features in Node.js environment.
  * Specify the path to `Mocha` package: `~\IdeaProjects\Spine\web\client-js\node_modules\mocha`.

## Publishing

To publish a new version to NPM:
1. Login to NPM and generate a new access token.
2. Set the generated token to your `NPM_TOKEN` environment variable.
3. Execute Gradle `publishJs` task from project root:
 ```bash
    ./gradlew publishJs
 ```
